§5There was a story, once upon a time, about a boy who dreamed about helping people.

§5He was gifted power beyond belief, and used it for many years to protect those he cared about.

§5For many years, no being could stand against him.

§5His name was Trevor Skullcrafter.

§5He made many friends along the way, friends who would guide him in his search for who he truly was.

§5Tameueaui, Successor of Chronos.

§2Lily, Avatar of Humanity.

§7Grey, the Primordial Darkness.


§2But Trevor's existence wasn't intended. He was a cosmic anomaly, whose endless pursuit of life caused the universe to become lifeless.

§2He had spent centuries acting as a force of nature, but had never stopped to think about the purpose of it all.

§2When he realized this, he made a decision. He would climb the ladder of the universe, and meet the one who created everything.

§2He would ask what his purpose is, what the purpose of everything is.

§2And he did exactly as he said. He entered the gates of Elysium, through the edge of reality, a smile on his face as he prepared to meet the one who gave him life.

§2The being he spoke with transcended all dimensions, all possible reasoning, yet its words were unmistakably human.

§5It said life §ois the purpose, §r§5that the boy was strange to expect more.

§5It said that his birth in this universe was entirely random, but he belonged here nonetheless. That he was glad they were able to finally meet, and that it was proud of him.

§5When Trevor returned from Elysium, he took one step before falling into my arms. It was the first time I had ever seen weakness from him.

§5He told me, with tears running down his face, that he wanted to go home. But before that, he said he wanted to speak to his father one last time.

§5If I were capable of shedding tears, I would have cried as well.


§7His father was an old king, an honorable man. I would have thanked him for all he did for me if I ever got the chance.

§7Trevor never told me what he talked about with his father as he laid on his deathbed, but I think I know.

§7The first time I saw him once he returned, he said nothing, but hugged me so tightly that I can still feel the warmth.

§7I've lived my entire life as a faceless shadow, but he was the first one to show me what love feels like.

§7I sometimes feel as if he's still right there next to me, his stupid smile destroying any doubts I had, even in the face of inevitable doom.

§2After that, all of us worked together to keep the universe safe. Many more years passed. But something changed in Trevor, and I could feel a warmth emanating from him like nothing else I had ever felt before.

§2Everywhere we went, he wrote a song in the stars. It was a melody that could penetrate any darkness, and bring light through any despair.

§7It hurt like hell.

§2It was the song of life, the one he was taught by the being in Elysium. I could hear Trevor humming it whenever it got too quiet around him, and tapping its rhythm with his foot whenever he had to sit still for too long.

§2Every time, I would find tears falling from my eyes, with the widest smile on my face. He'd glance over at me, and start smiling just as wide.



§5And then one day, they appeared. Two pale acolytes, clad in dark robes. They said they were the Reapers. They said it was almost time to go.

§5Trevor briefly shut his eyes, and invited the two inside for a drink. The girl was lively and energetic, the boy was polite and soft-spoken. We threw a humble party, all of us, enjoying ourselves as much as we could.

§5We understood what they came for, but none of us said a word. There was no point. All we could do was enjoy what we had while it was still with us.

§5Nobody was ready, but Trevor gave every one of us a goodbye before leaving. It could have been dozens, hundreds, maybe even thousands of people. All that mattered to me were his final words.

§5They echoed through the cosmos in a language every being in the universe could understand. He smiled one more time, waved his hand, and turned towards the light.

§5That was the last time any of us saw him.


§7We often wonder what any of us are doing here, rushing in random directions in an effort to go anywhere, to make anything out of our lives.

§7Trevor Skullcrafter asked himself the same question, and got an answer only he could spread so effortlessly.

§7He taught us our purpose, through all the pain that exists in the universe, and it is that purpose that he continued to spread to the last of his days.

§7Let us raise a glass to our friend, our brother, and thank him for everything he has done for us.




§fLife is the purpose.

§fYour birth in this universe was entirely random, but you belong here nonetheless.

§fI am glad we were able to finally meet, PLAYERNAME.

§fI am proud of you.